Here's another question.
And if you're asked this question, then it probably means that you've more or less got the job.
The question is, how soon can you start?
Now, if you're unemployed, you're looking for a job, then your best interests lie in joining right
away because then you at least you have an income right while you're searching for another job.
Or you can choose to continue and explore your opportunities within the organization.
If you are employed, then of course be honest and tell them what your notice period is.
Try not to create conflict with your present employer by by saying, Oh, I can join tomorrow and then
having to go back to your present employer and trying to negotiate and turning it into a conflict.
So that answers the question How soon can you start?
Thank you.
And see you in the next video.